Business software inquiry
Inbox

Andrew <vandyand@gmail.com>
19 Jul 2024, 09:39 (6 days ago)
to Max

Hey Max!

Hope all is going well with you guys. We all really enjoyed Otis' song!

I was wondering how things are going on the pallet goods reselling front and specifically I was wondering if there's any type of software tool I could make to help you out in any way. I know we talked a little bit about this at Lake George.

Currently I'm interviewing for an engineering role at Orb Aerospace but in the meantime I have some free time so I was thinking it may be a good opportunity for me to work on some cool software tools. The thing is, I'd like the software to be useful to someone and you came to mind.

No pressure either way, and I hope you guys are enjoying your summer!

Thanks,
Andrew

Max Belz
19 Jul 2024, 16:20 (6 days ago)
to me

Andrew,

good to hear from you. I was proud of Otis's song and I'm glad you guys liked it. Here are some of my recent thoughts that might spark something for you.

1) I've become doubtful of Facebook Marketplace's security (lots of scams on the listing side, but I've also wondered if all the inquiries I get from people are actually real). Also, I wonder if there is anything to game the algorithm to my favor. I don't know how they rank things or show people certain listings, but I wonder if I can do anything to improve visibility there. Maybe you understand this.

2) The other question for me right now is inventory. Is there a little bot to scrub certain sites for good lots of inventory? I usually use a site called liquidation.com, but I also need to expand my search and I don't have a methodical way to do that. Perhaps something that could look for certain terms "vacuum" "parts" across different auction sites?

Those are just two primitive ideas. I appreciate your mentioning it. I'll keep thinking about your question though.

And good to hear about that job interview. Let me know how that comes out.

-Max


Andrew <vandyand@gmail.com>
24 Jul 2024, 17:01 (15 hours ago)
to Max

Hey Max!

I think the second option would be a lot easier to target from a computer software standpoint. I'm working on a "smart" computer system right now that uses ai to help build software. It's kind of a big experiment at this point but I'm hoping to be able to use it to help me make a type of software tool that would be useful for you in finding optimal liquidation deals. I'll keep you posted. Best of luck in the meantime!

- Andrew